workshop zero (#2)
a2go/web-workshop: README.md

<details><summary>Example</summary>

```go
package main

import "fmt"

func main() {
       fmt.Println("hello world")
}

```

</details>

## Make an HTTP listener

To make an HTTP server, the `net/http` package needs to be imported. The `ListenAndServe` function in that package starts a TCP listener that responds to HTTP requests.

If you are using Visual Studio Code, you can type `http.ListenAndServe` and press cmd-. to automatically add `net/http` to the imports.

Pick a port on which to listen and pass nil as the handler for now.

<details><summary>Example</summary>

```go
package main

import (
    "net/http"
)

func main() {
    http.ListenAndServe(":8000", nil)
}
```

</details>

Run it again and try to connect with a web browser or curl.

```sh
curl http://localhost:8000/
```

Go is generating a 404 response for us. Use `curl -D -` to see the HTTP headers and notice which headers it created for us.

## Add a response

> It is always a good idea to read the documentation for functions that we use. One of Go's strengths is the excellently documented standard library. Read https://golang.org/pkg/net/http/#ListenAndServe

Reviewer: Is link markup?  Or is it automatic on Github rendering?

We can use something called the default serve mux. We don't go into what this means in this workshop. We save that for a later workshop. Expand the example on the godocs if you would like to see the next step of our code, or use `http.HandleFunc` and write the code yourself.

## Logging the error

> One important part of writting Go is to leave no error unchecked, usually. If a function returns an error, that error should probably be part of control flow and maybe logged.

Reviewer: Nice to start this expectation early :)

> You may have noticed that `http.ListenAndServe` returns an error. It is probably save to ignore any error that comes from it, but what if we had fat fingered our listen port as `";8000"` instead of `":8000"`? What do you think would happen?

Reviewer: s/save/safe

Reviewer: I wouldn't expect an error to come out of ListenAndServe if you type `;8000` . I'd expect the browser wouldn't even try to connect to your port.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may have noticed that `http.ListenAndServe` returns an error. It is probably safe to ignore any error that comes from it, but what if we had fat fingered our listen port as `";8000"` in our code instead of `":8000"`? What do you think would happen?
```

Lets use the `log` package from the standard library to log this error. `log.Fatal` will end the program when called.

Now with that error we get notified that the listen port is incorrect:

```

> 2019/12/15 12:54:19 listen tcp: address ;8000: missing port in address

Reviewer: ooooooh!  You mean in the code!  Probably best to be explicit that you're talking about in the code, not in the browser.
